README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Tom 👋 ![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eleven-dimension&color=blue&style=flat-square)

# To Be Updated

## About Me

I am a postgraduate computer science student at the Australian National University (ANU), specializing in machine learning. I completed my undergraduate studies in computer science at Southeast University in China.

I enjoy helping others and volunteered in the university's Q&A room during my undergraduate years. Due to my near-perfect score (99/100) in Probability Theory, I mainly assisted my peers with this subject and occasionally helped colleagues responsible for Mathematical Analysis. Perhaps I am suited to be a teacher.

I am particularly interested in reinforcement learning and data structures, with some interest in mathematics. Recently, I have realized that I do not enjoy coding in a corporate environment and aspire to pursue research in these areas in the future.

---

DP on trees is truly stupendous. Even if I were hired by a high-paying company and envied by others, if I could only write large simulations all day without experiencing anything magical, then I'd rather kill myself.

### Interests

#### Occult

I self-study Bazi and Qimen Dunjia, and I have dabbled in tarot, astrology, Liu Yao, Liu Ren, and extraterrestrial topics. If you are interested in personal fate, feel free to contact me for a free consultation.

#### Rhythm Games

- Arcaea: PTT 11.4 [b30](https://github.com/eleven-dimension/eleven-dimension/blob/main/arcaea-b30-240728.jpg) (Ignore the records from over 900 days ago. Those were left by my friend. :satisfied:)
- Osu!mania: 4k, 4 Dan
- Currently playing: Cytus 1
- Occasionally play: Muse Dash, Osu! Standard, Phigros
- Arcade games: maimai DX, CHUNITHM, WACCA

#### Media Activities

- **Bilibili**: I occasionally post videos related to math and algorithms. During a break in January 2024, I frequently updated for a month and gained over 1k followers. If you have any questions or topics you want me to explain, feel free to contact me for a custom video.

- **Blog**: I sporadically post problem solutions, notes, and personal entries.

## Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://stats.justsong.cn/api/leetcode?username=sophon&cn=true&theme=dark" alt="Leetcode Stats"/>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=eleven-dimension&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&rank_icon=github&theme=dark" alt="GitHub Stats" height="150px"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eleven-dimension&exclude_repo=eleven-dimension.github.io&layout=compact&langs_count=10&theme=dark" alt="Top Languages" height="150px"/>
</p>

<picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=eleven-dimension&theme=xcode&bg_color=FF000000&hide_border=true" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=eleven-dimension&theme=xcode&bg_color=FF000000&color=000000&hide_border=true" />
    <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=eleven-dimension&theme=xcode&bg_color=FF000000&hide_border=true" />
</picture>



## Tools

### Regularly Used
[![Regularly Used](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=anaconda,cpp,cmake,css,git,github,gitlab,html,idea,java,js,latex,linux,md,nodejs,npm,powershell,py,pytorch,sklearn,tensorflow,ubuntu,vscode&perline=13)](#)

### Occasionally Experimented
[![Occasionally Experimented](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=androidstudio,blender,c,dart,debian,docker,electron,elixir,firebase,gradle,jquery,lua,matlab,mysql,pycharm,react,regex,rust,selenium,vim,visualstudio,vue,vuetify,webstorm,wordpress&perline=13)](#)

## Find Me

- [Luogu](https://www.luogu.com.cn/user/159730)
- [Bilibili (Math & Algorithm)](https://space.bilibili.com/3546573059394401)
- [Bilibili (Rhythm Game & Occult)](https://space.bilibili.com/550719072)
- [Leetcode](https://leetcode.cn/u/sophon/)
- [Osu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23603871)
- [NetEase Cloud Music](https://music.163.com/#/user/home?id=3931809475)
- [CSDN](https://blog.csdn.net/qq_43033347)
- [Blog](https://eleven-dimension.github.io/)
- [AcWing](https://www.acwing.com/user/myspace/index/7053/)

Commit message:

Updated 'About Me' halfway at Sydney Airport before being asked to leave due to airport closing.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Tom 👋 ![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eleven-dimension&color=blue&style=flat-square)

## About Me

I am an upcoming MRes student at UoW. I completed my undergraduate degree in CS at SEU in China. After spending a year pursuing a MSc in CS at ANU, I decided to transfer to UoW to pursue a MRes. My research interests focus on Safe RL and Risk-Sensitive RL.

### Why Bother to Transfer?

To be continued...

---

I enjoy helping others and volunteered in the university's Q&A room during my undergraduate years. Due to my near-perfect score (99/100) in Probability Theory, I mainly assisted my peers with this subject and occasionally helped colleagues responsible for Mathematical Analysis. Perhaps I am suited to be a teacher.

I am particularly interested in reinforcement learning and data structures, with some interest in mathematics. Recently, I have realized that I do not enjoy coding in a corporate environment and aspire to pursue research in these areas in the future.

---

DP on trees is truly stupendous. Even if I were hired by a high-paying company and envied by others, if I could only write large simulations all day without experiencing anything magical, then I'd rather kill myself.

### Interests

#### Occult

I self-study Bazi and Qimen Dunjia, and I have dabbled in tarot, astrology, Liu Yao, Liu Ren, and extraterrestrial topics. If you are interested in personal fate, feel free to contact me for a free consultation.

#### Rhythm Games

- Arcaea: PTT 11.4 [b30](https://github.com/eleven-dimension/eleven-dimension/blob/main/arcaea-b30-240728.jpg) (Ignore the records from over 900 days ago. Those were left by my friend. :satisfied:)
- Osu!mania: 4k, 4 Dan
- Currently playing: Cytus 1
- Occasionally play: Muse Dash, Osu! Standard, Phigros
- Arcade games: maimai DX, CHUNITHM, WACCA

#### Media Activities

- **Bilibili**: I occasionally post videos related to math and algorithms. During a break in January 2024, I frequently updated for a month and gained over 1k followers. If you have any questions or topics you want me to explain, feel free to contact me for a custom video.

- **Blog**: I sporadically post problem solutions, notes, and personal entries.

## Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://stats.justsong.cn/api/leetcode?username=sophon&cn=true&theme=dark" alt="Leetcode Stats"/>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api?username=eleven-dimension&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true&rank_icon=github&theme=dark" alt="GitHub Stats" height="150px"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats-git-masterrstaa-rickstaa.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eleven-dimension&exclude_repo=eleven-dimension.github.io&layout=compact&langs_count=10&theme=dark" alt="Top Languages" height="150px"/>
</p>

<picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=eleven-dimension&theme=xcode&bg_color=FF000000&hide_border=true" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=eleven-dimension&theme=xcode&bg_color=FF000000&color=000000&hide_border=true" />
    <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=eleven-dimension&theme=xcode&bg_color=FF000000&hide_border=true" />
</picture>



## Tools

### Regularly Used
[![Regularly Used](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=anaconda,cpp,cmake,css,git,github,gitlab,html,idea,java,js,latex,linux,md,nodejs,npm,powershell,py,pytorch,sklearn,tensorflow,ubuntu,vscode&perline=13)](#)

### Occasionally Experimented
[![Occasionally Experimented](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=androidstudio,blender,c,dart,debian,docker,electron,elixir,firebase,gradle,jquery,lua,matlab,mysql,pycharm,react,regex,rust,selenium,vim,visualstudio,vue,vuetify,webstorm,wordpress&perline=13)](#)

## Find Me

- [Luogu](https://www.luogu.com.cn/user/159730)
- [Bilibili (Math & Algorithm)](https://space.bilibili.com/3546573059394401)
- [Bilibili (Rhythm Game & Occult)](https://space.bilibili.com/550719072)
- [LeetCode-CN](https://leetcode.cn/u/sophon/)
- [Osu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/23603871)
- [NetEase Cloud Music](https://music.163.com/#/user/home?id=3931809475)
- [CSDN](https://blog.csdn.net/qq_43033347)
- [Blog](https://eleven-dimension.github.io/)
- [AcWing](https://www.acwing.com/user/myspace/index/7053/)
